how do you scale a team properly and how
do you set it up for success
the goal is to make the right decisions
for people how do you make the right
decisions
they're based off of a couple of factors
number one goals
what are you trying to achieve and i'm
more thinking in terms of business goals
number two what are the workflows that
have to be done
when we think about systems and
principles the question
is always what's the input what's the
output what is the workflow we have to
employ to get a certain output the third
part
is strengths what are the strengths of
the people that i'm employing and then
the fourth part is their preferences
what do they actually want to do if you
use those four factors
as an assessment of the decisions you
want to make
that will help you get to the optimal
kind of setup